tracking/concepts-tracking.md, before:

# Concepts Migration Tracking

This document tracks the migration status of Concepts files from 'docs' to 'docs-docfx\docs'.

## Migration Status Table

| GitBook MD File | DocFX MD File | Content Confirmed | Images Correct | TOC Reachable |
|----------------|---------------|-------------------|----------------|---------------|
| docs\concepts\xmpro-ai\README.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\xmpro-ai\index.md | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\xmpro-ai\xmpro-notebook.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\xmpro-ai\xmpro-notebook.md | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\data-stream\README.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\data-stream\index.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\data-stream\stream-object-configuration.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\data-stream\stream-object-configuration.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\data-stream\verifying-stream-integrity.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\data-stream\verifying-stream-integrity.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\data-stream\running-data-streams.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\data-stream\running-data-streams.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\data-stream\timeline.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\data-stream\timeline.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\collection.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\collection.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\agent\README.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\agent\index.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\agent\virtual-vs-non-virtual-agents.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\agent\virtual-vs-non-virtual-agents.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\application\README.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\application\index.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\application\template.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\application\template.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\application\page.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\application\page.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\application\block.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\application\block.md | ❌ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\application\canvas.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\application\canvas.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\application\page-layers.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\application\page-layers.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\application\block-styling.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\application\block-styling.md | ❌ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\application\devices.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\application\devices.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\application\flex.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\application\flex.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\application\block-properties.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\application\block-properties.md | ❌ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\application\data-integration.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\application\data-integration.md | ❌ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\application\navigation-and-parameters.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\application\navigation-and-parameters.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\application\variables-and-expressions.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\application\variables-and-expressions.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\application\app-files.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\application\app-files.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\application\metablocks.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\application\metablocks.md | ✓ | N/A | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\recommendation\README.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\recommendation\index.md | ❌ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\recommendation\rule.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\recommendation\rule.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\recommendation\execution-order.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\recommendation\execution-order.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\recommendation\auto-escalate.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\recommendation\auto-escalate.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\recommendation\form.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\recommendation\form.md | ❌ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\recommendation\action-requests.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\recommendation\action-requests.md | ❌ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\recommendation\notification.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\recommendation\notification.md | ❌ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\recommendation\recommendation-alert.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\recommendation\recommendation-alert.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\recommendation\deleted-items.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\recommendation\deleted-items.md | ❌ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\recommendation\recommendation-scoring.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\recommendation\recommendation-scoring.md | ❌ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\connector.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\connector.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\landing-pages.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\landing-pages.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\version.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\version.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\manage-access.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\manage-access.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\category.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\category.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\variable.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\variable.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\insights\README.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\insights\index.md | ✓ | N/A | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\insights\data-delivery-insights.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\insights\data-delivery-insights.md | ❌ | N/A | ✓ |

Commit message:

commit these changes and move onto the next section

tracking/concepts-tracking.md, after:

# Concepts Migration Tracking

This document tracks the migration status of Concepts files from 'docs' to 'docs-docfx\docs'.

## Migration Status Table

| GitBook MD File | DocFX MD File | Content Confirmed | Images Correct | TOC Reachable |
|----------------|---------------|-------------------|----------------|---------------|
| docs\concepts\xmpro-ai\README.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\xmpro-ai\index.md | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\xmpro-ai\xmpro-notebook.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\xmpro-ai\xmpro-notebook.md | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\data-stream\README.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\data-stream\index.md | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\data-stream\stream-object-configuration.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\data-stream\stream-object-configuration.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\data-stream\verifying-stream-integrity.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\data-stream\verifying-stream-integrity.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\data-stream\running-data-streams.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\data-stream\running-data-streams.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\data-stream\timeline.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\data-stream\timeline.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\collection.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\collection.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\agent\README.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\agent\index.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\agent\virtual-vs-non-virtual-agents.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\agent\virtual-vs-non-virtual-agents.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\application\README.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\application\index.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\application\template.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\application\template.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\application\page.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\application\page.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\application\block.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\application\block.md | ❌ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\application\canvas.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\application\canvas.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\application\page-layers.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\application\page-layers.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\application\block-styling.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\application\block-styling.md | ❌ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\application\devices.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\application\devices.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\application\flex.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\application\flex.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\application\block-properties.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\application\block-properties.md | ❌ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\application\data-integration.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\application\data-integration.md | ❌ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\application\navigation-and-parameters.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\application\navigation-and-parameters.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\application\variables-and-expressions.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\application\variables-and-expressions.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\application\app-files.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\application\app-files.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\application\metablocks.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\application\metablocks.md | ✓ | N/A | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\recommendation\README.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\recommendation\index.md | ❌ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\recommendation\rule.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\recommendation\rule.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\recommendation\execution-order.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\recommendation\execution-order.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\recommendation\auto-escalate.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\recommendation\auto-escalate.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\recommendation\form.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\recommendation\form.md | ❌ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\recommendation\action-requests.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\recommendation\action-requests.md | ❌ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\recommendation\notification.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\recommendation\notification.md | ❌ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\recommendation\recommendation-alert.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\recommendation\recommendation-alert.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\recommendation\deleted-items.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\recommendation\deleted-items.md | ❌ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\recommendation\recommendation-scoring.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\recommendation\recommendation-scoring.md | ❌ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\connector.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\connector.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\landing-pages.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\landing-pages.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\version.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\version.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\manage-access.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\manage-access.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\category.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\category.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\variable.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\variable.md | ✓ | ❌ | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\insights\README.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\insights\index.md | ✓ | N/A | ✓ |
| docs\concepts\insights\data-delivery-insights.md | docs-docfx\docs\concepts\insights\data-delivery-insights.md | ❌ | N/A | ✓ |

## Notes on Image Status

### Fixed Files
1. **data-stream/index.md** - Images have been copied from GitBook assets to the DocFX images directory:
   - DS-Search-Data-Streams.png
   - ds.newvisualindicator.concepts.data-stream.canvas.1.png
   - ds.newvisualindicator.concepts.data-stream.canvas.2.png
   - ds.newvisualindicator.concepts.data-stream.canvas.3.png

### Files Still Needing Attention
1. **data-stream/stream-object-configuration.md** - Images need to be copied and references updated
2. **data-stream/verifying-stream-integrity.md** - Images need to be copied and references updated
3. **data-stream/running-data-streams.md** - Images need to be copied and references updated
4. **data-stream/timeline.md** - Images need to be copied and references updated
5. **All application files** - Images need to be copied and references updated
6. **All recommendation files** - Images need to be copied and references updated
7. **Other concept files** - Images need to be copied and references updated

## Next Steps
1. Continue copying images for the remaining data-stream files
2. Update image references in the DocFX files
3. Move on to the application files
4. Address the recommendation files
5. Update content for files marked as not confirmed
