---
description: 29 May 2024
---

# v4.4.5

## Integrations

<table><thead><tr><th width="155">Change Type</th><th width="250">Name</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td><a href="https://xmpro.gitbook.io/azure-openai/">Azure OpenAI AI &#x26; ML v1.04</a></td><td>Support dynamic messages and token counting</td></tr><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td><a href="https://xmpro.gitbook.io/ollama/">Ollama AI &#x26; ML v1.04</a></td><td>Support single quotes in the input text.</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Common

<table><thead><tr><th width="157">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td>All logged-out state pages, such as the sign-in, will show in dark mode if a device's dark mode is activated.</td></tr><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td>The user profile menu is activated by mouse click rather than on hover - to avoid accidentally triggering it when interacting with items at the top right of the page. <br>This was introduced to App Designer in <a href="v4.4.4.md#app-designer">v4.4.4</a> and now applies to all products.</td></tr><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td>The <a href="../installation/3.-complete-installation/configure-health-checks-optional.md">health checks</a> were extended to include XMPro AI.</td></tr></tbody></table>

## App Designer

<table><thead><tr><th width="157">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td>A new advanced styling option, <a href="../concepts/application/block-styling.md#extra-advanced-styling">Cursor</a>, has been added to Block Styling. This allows you to choose the pointer icon for a block, such as to show that a Hyperlink Box is clickable.</td></tr><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td>The Navigate To Action's option to <a href="../blocks-toolbox/common-properties.md#open-in-new-tab-window">Open in New Tab/Window</a> is now available for a Page too.</td></tr><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td>The default App Designer product role was amended from 'DesignUser' to 'Design User' for new installations for greater legibility and accessibility.<br>For existing installations, the global administrator is encouraged to amend the spelling. </td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td><em>I cannot update a page parameter when a user clicks a Hyperlink.</em><br>The Indicator, Templated List, and Hyperlink Box can pass a parameter to another page using an expression</td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td><em>When I select Library for a Button's</em> <a href="../blocks-toolbox/common-properties.md#icon"><em>icon mode</em></a><em>, there is no spacing between the Icon's image and description in the dropdown.</em><br>Padding was added between the Icon's image and description for accessibility.</td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td><em>My</em> <a href="../blocks-toolbox/basic/indicator.md#label"><em>Indicator label</em></a> <em>only shows if the X-Axis and Y-Axis position is configured - even though the visibility is set to "On Hover" or "Always".</em><br>The Indicator label visibility of Never, On Hover, and Always work as expected.<br>This fix applies to newly added blocks. For indicator blocks added before v4.4.5, change the position in advanced styling from static to relative.</td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td>The v4.4.4 change to move the edit pencil, visible to designers on an App at runtime, was reverted to its original position.</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Data Stream Designer

<table><thead><tr><th width="157">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Fix</td><td><em>I've filled out my data stream's</em> <a href="../how-tos/data-streams/use-business-case-and-notes.md#adding-a-business-case"><em>business case</em></a><em>, but I get an error 'Unable to save business case changes' when trying to save it.</em><br>A red outline has been added to indicate that the business use case text is a required input.</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Subscription Manager

<table><thead><tr><th width="157">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Fix</td><td><em>Users who have registered, but have not yet been approved by an administrator, can be added to a product subscription.</em><br>Only approved users are available for selection to add to a product subscription.</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Stream Host

<table><thead><tr><th width="157">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td>Python-capable <a href="../installation/3.-complete-installation/install-stream-host/docker.md#image-flavors">Docker Stream Host images</a> were added for Ubuntu and Alpine - and Python was removed from the default Stream Host images to keep them lightweight.    </td></tr></tbody></table>
