---
description: 10 June 2024
---

# v4.4.6

## Integrations

<table><thead><tr><th width="155">Change Type</th><th width="250">Name</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td><a href="https://xmpro.gitbook.io/erbessd/">Erbessd Listener v3.10</a></td><td><p>Support getting only new values from the second poll onwards.</p><p> Support an asset not having the point sensor installed.</p></td></tr><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td><a href="https://xmpro.gitbook.io/neo4j-connector/">Neo4J Connector v1.01</a></td><td>Repackaged to align property names to the Neo4J Agents.</td></tr><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td><a href="https://xmpro.gitbook.io/mlflow/">MLflow AI &#x26; ML v1.07</a></td><td>Repackaged as non-virtual as the Stream Host is required to access the MLflow server.</td></tr><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td><a href="https://xmpro.gitbook.io/xmq/">XMQ Listener and Action Agent v1.04</a></td><td>Support an external router for when the Stream Hosts run on different machines.</td></tr></tbody></table>

## App Designer

<table><thead><tr><th width="157">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td><p>New Blocks added:</p><ul><li><a href="../blocks-toolbox/advanced/metablock.md">Metablock</a> - add your tech to XMPro.</li><li><a href="../blocks-toolbox/recommendations/recommendation-form.md">Recommendation Alert Form</a> - reuse <a href="../concepts/recommendation/recommendation-alert.md#form">this</a> form section to add a collection of fields on individual Recommendation Alerts.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td><p>The <a href="../how-tos/manage-site-settings.md#app-designer-settings">site settings</a> were tidied up: </p><ul><li>The UI category was renamed to <a href="../how-tos/manage-site-settings.md#user-interface">User Interface</a></li><li>The Hide Mobile App property (added v4.4.5) was renamed <a href="../how-tos/manage-site-settings.md#enable-mobile-app">Enable Mobile App</a></li><li>The Company Landing Page category was incorporated into the User Interface category.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td><em>When I add a stored procedure as a data source, its parameters appear in the data source column list.</em><br>Stored procedure parameters are excluded from appearing in the data source column list.</td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td><em>When I have the data source of two different apps open, each in their own browser tab, and I update one data source, I note that the primary key of the other data source is cleared too.</em><br>Updating the data source of one App does not affect another App's data source.</td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td><em>When I</em> <a href="../how-tos/apps/manage-connections.md#multiple-connections"><em>remove multiple connections</em></a><em>, any connections below them in the list are hidden until I refresh the page.</em><br>Only selected connections are removed and unselected connections remain on the list.</td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td><em>No Alerts are triggered for my Recommendation, but I can't see any error in the Stream Host log.</em><br>Null values are handled by the Recommendation engine and errors are logged in the Stream Host logs.</td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td>The bottom border and shading was added to the profile menu.</td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td><em>I've noticed a performance issue when using a Select Box in my App as it results in multiple read calls on the page load.</em><br>All Blocks were reviewed to ensure no more read calls were made than necessary. Most only require one read. The <a href="../blocks-toolbox/basic/select-box.md">Select Box</a> has been optimized, but is still requires at least two: one to read the selected row and another for the rest of the data. We have opened a support ticket with the third party regarding the <a href="../blocks-toolbox/basic/lookup.md">Lookup Block</a>, as it still sends multiple calls for an unknown reason. </td></tr></tbody></table>

## Data Stream Designer

<table><thead><tr><th width="157">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td>We've added the Data Stream name as a hover tooltip to the Data Stream listing so that you don't have to expand the blade to see the longer names.</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Subscription Manager

<table><thead><tr><th width="157">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Fix</td><td><em>As a global admin, when I switch between product roles, the product rights of the previous roles are displayed.</em><br>The correct product rights are displayed when switching between roles.</td></tr></tbody></table>
