docs/installation/3.-complete-installation/install-stream-host/README.md, before:

# Install Stream Host

## Download the Connection Profile

Each Data Stream created in Data Stream Designer must belong to a [Collection](../../../concepts/collection.md). You can download the information in a Collection as a file, known as a Connection Profile. This profile includes the _device name, collection ID, server URL, secret,_ and _key_.

To simplify installing a Stream Host (also called a device), download the Connection Profile to avoid manually copying Collection details from Data Stream Designer to the installer.

To obtain a Connection Profile, follow the steps below.

1. [Log into Data Stream Designer](../../../administration/users/register-an-account.md) and open the _Collections_ page from the left-hand menu.
2. Select the Collection you wish to use. If there isn’t a Collection available, you can [create one](../../../how-tos/data-streams/manage-collections.md) by clicking on the _New_ button, choosing a name for the collection and pressing _Ok_.
3. Click on _Connection Profile_.
4. Choose a name for the device.
5. Enter the File Key.
6. Click _Ok_. The Connection Profile will automatically begin to download.

![Fig 1. Steps to Set Up a Connection Profile](<../../../.gitbook/assets/image (1761).png>)

## Download the Installer

Unlike other XMPro applications, the Stream Host installer isn't on the XMPro Documentation site. To find it, follow the steps below.

1. Log into Data Stream Designer and open the _Collections_ page from the left-hand menu.
2. Select the collection you wish to use.
3. Click on _Download Host_.
4. Select your desired platform.
5. Click on the Download button to begin the download.

<figure><img src="../../../.gitbook/assets/Stream Host Install - Download.png" alt=""><figcaption><p>Fig 2. Steps to Download the Installer</p></figcaption></figure>

## Choose your Platform

Choose the platform where you will install the Stream Host:

{% content-ref url="windows-x64.md" %}
[windows-x64.md](windows-x64.md)
{% endcontent-ref %}

{% content-ref url="azure-web-job.md" %}
[azure-web-job.md](azure-web-job.md)
{% endcontent-ref %}

{% content-ref url="ubuntu-16.04+-x64.md" %}
[ubuntu-16.04+-x64.md](ubuntu-16.04+-x64.md)
{% endcontent-ref %}

Commit message:

GITBOOK-144: Install Stream Host > Docker

docs/installation/3.-complete-installation/install-stream-host/README.md, after:

# Install Stream Host

## Download the Connection Profile

Each Data Stream created in Data Stream Designer must belong to a [Collection](../../../concepts/collection.md). You can download the information in a Collection as a file, known as a Connection Profile. This profile includes the _device name, collection ID, server URL, secret,_ and _key_.

To simplify installing a Stream Host (also called a device), download the Connection Profile to avoid manually copying Collection details from Data Stream Designer to the installer.

To obtain a Connection Profile, follow the steps below.

1. [Log into Data Stream Designer](../../../administration/users/register-an-account.md) and open the _Collections_ page from the left-hand menu.
2. Select the Collection you wish to use. If there isn’t a Collection available, you can [create one](../../../how-tos/data-streams/manage-collections.md) by clicking the _New_ button, choosing a name for the collection, and clicking _Ok_.
3. Click on _Connection Profile_.
4. Choose a name for the device.
5. Enter the File Key.
6. Click _Ok_. The Connection Profile will automatically begin to download.

![Fig 1. Steps to Set Up a Connection Profile](<../../../.gitbook/assets/image (1761).png>)

## Download the Installer

Unlike other XMPro applications, the Stream Host installer isn't on the XMPro Documentation site. To find it, follow the steps below.

1. Log into Data Stream Designer and open the _Collections_ page from the left-hand menu.
2. Select the collection you wish to use.
3. Click on _Download Host_.
4. Select your desired platform.
5. Click on the Download button to begin the download.

<figure><img src="../../../.gitbook/assets/Stream Host Install - Download.png" alt=""><figcaption><p>Fig 2. Steps to Download the Installer</p></figcaption></figure>

## Choose your Platform

Choose the platform where you will install the Stream Host:

{% content-ref url="windows-x64.md" %}
[windows-x64.md](windows-x64.md)
{% endcontent-ref %}

{% content-ref url="azure-web-job.md" %}
[azure-web-job.md](azure-web-job.md)
{% endcontent-ref %}

{% content-ref url="ubuntu-16.04+-x64.md" %}
[ubuntu-16.04+-x64.md](ubuntu-16.04+-x64.md)
{% endcontent-ref %}

{% content-ref url="docker.md" %}
[docker.md](docker.md)
{% endcontent-ref %}
