docs/resources/faqs/external-content/youtube/2024/how-to-use-and-build-3rd-party-apps-to-extend-the-capabilities-of-the-xmpro-app-designer.md, before:

# How To Use And Build 3rd Party Apps To Extend The Capabilities Of The XMPro App Designer.
{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VWR05zN6SNA" %}



In today's video titled "How To Use And Build 3rd Party Apps To Extend The Capabilities Of The XMPro App Designer," we delve deep into the world of app extensions. Here's a brief overview of...
<details>
<summary>Transcript</summary>In today's video titled "How To Use And Build 3rd Party Apps To Extend The Capabilities Of The XMPro App Designer," we delve deep into the world of app extensions. Here's a brief overview of...
so there's there's a few different areas

that you can or you have control of

extending um I'll go into the app

designer first so inside the app

designer this block section here

um

it's not easy for external people to

actually add your own Block in here so

let's say you you want to create a a

tableau block that you can drag on like

the power bi block currently

um that's something that our developers

would need to to do to to make it

available to be put in here there is an

iframe one in here though

so it's called embedded page over there

so you you can actually use the embedded

page to to do that however when you

start wanting to go down the road of

being a lot more tighter controlled or

tighter integrated to things to actually

bring that information in that's when it

would make a lot more sense to actually

say okay so as we start going down here

you'll see for instance there's a Unity

view which is a lot more integrated into

for instance Unity

or you would have a esri map which is a

lot more integrated into Azure map you

would have the power bi which has a lot

more integer so these ones here are a

lot tighter integrated from an

authentication and authorization

perspective there is this one here which

is the catch-all for lack of a better

word to to actually do that what it

might make sense is if you can

show me the example of what it is that

you're trying to embed from the Nvidia

perspective in here I could actually

take some of that to to our product team

and say this is what we're trying to do

here how do we

move things along accelerate things

along that type of thing because we're

also working with Nvidia Omniverse

um and actually expanding and extending

this Library here to do that on top of

some of the Nvidia AI models and things

like that as well the the other thing

that what we like to do is when people

do use embedded pages and things like

that is just let us know what you're

using it for and what the user stories

and the use case around it is

because as I say if it makes a lot more

sense to have a specific block on here

we call these blocks I have a specific

block on here for that particular system

that I can raise with the product team

and get it turned around pretty quickly

you know versus

trying to use the catch-all being the

embedded pitch if that makes sense

so inside the actual agent over here

you'll see there is a upload new model

what you can actually do as well is you

can from an app perspective actually

create an app that will allow you to

configure that Json file

so if I go into

I don't think I have a full example

um of that

but you could come in here and actually

configure your hierarchy configure your

your you know properties Etc and then

you could have an option here that says

well

deploy you can do that in here as well
</details>

Commit message:

Resolved YT Description & Hyperlinks
YouTube scrape script now uses google API to return full description of YouTube Video. Also added to identify URLs and convert them to hyperlinks. Then updated Summary.md with all of the new links to all of then newly scraped files.

docs/resources/faqs/external-content/youtube/2024/how-to-use-and-build-3rd-party-apps-to-extend-the-capabilities-of-the-xmpro-app-designer.md, after:

# How To Use And Build 3rd Party Apps To Extend The Capabilities Of The XMPro App Designer.
{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VWR05zN6SNA" %}

In today's video titled "How To Use And Build 3rd Party Apps To Extend The Capabilities Of The XMPro App Designer," we delve deep into the world of app extensions. Here's a brief overview of what you'll discover:

- Understand the layout and controls of the XMPro App Designer.
- Discover the power of the 'embedded page' block for general purposes and when to opt for more tightly integrated blocks.
- Uncover insights into more integrated options like the Unity view, the Azure map, and more.
- Find out how XMPro collaborates with Nvidia Omniverse and explores expanding its library.
- Get tips on how to relay feedback and use-case stories to enhance block integrations.
- Dive into the agent section to explore the "upload new model" and learn about app creation for configuring Json files.
- Join us to optimize the usage and expansion of the XMPro App Designer, and stay tuned for more tutorials and updates. If you're keen on embedding specific functionalities, this video is a must-watch! 🚀🛠️📲

Remember to hit the 'Like' button if you find this informative and 'Subscribe' for more such content.

#XMPro #AppDesign #ExtensionTools #PowerBI #UnityIntegration #AzureMap #NvidiaOmniverse #EmbeddedPage #AppDevelopment #CustomBlocks #TechTutorial #AppDesignerTips #DigitalInnovation #AppConfiguration #JsonIntegration #TechSolutions
<details>
<summary>Transcript</summary>so there's there's a few different areas

that you can or you have control of

extending um I'll go into the app

designer first so inside the app

designer this block section here

um

it's not easy for external people to

actually add your own Block in here so

let's say you you want to create a a

tableau block that you can drag on like

the power bi block currently

um that's something that our developers

would need to to do to to make it

available to be put in here there is an

iframe one in here though

so it's called embedded page over there

so you you can actually use the embedded

page to to do that however when you

start wanting to go down the road of

being a lot more tighter controlled or

tighter integrated to things to actually

bring that information in that's when it

would make a lot more sense to actually

say okay so as we start going down here

you'll see for instance there's a Unity

view which is a lot more integrated into

for instance Unity

or you would have a esri map which is a

lot more integrated into Azure map you

would have the power bi which has a lot

more integer so these ones here are a

lot tighter integrated from an

authentication and authorization

perspective there is this one here which

is the catch-all for lack of a better

word to to actually do that what it

might make sense is if you can

show me the example of what it is that

you're trying to embed from the Nvidia

perspective in here I could actually

take some of that to to our product team

and say this is what we're trying to do

here how do we

move things along accelerate things

along that type of thing because we're

also working with Nvidia Omniverse

um and actually expanding and extending

this Library here to do that on top of

some of the Nvidia AI models and things

like that as well the the other thing

that what we like to do is when people

do use embedded pages and things like

that is just let us know what you're

using it for and what the user stories

and the use case around it is

because as I say if it makes a lot more

sense to have a specific block on here

we call these blocks I have a specific

block on here for that particular system

that I can raise with the product team

and get it turned around pretty quickly

you know versus

trying to use the catch-all being the

embedded pitch if that makes sense

so inside the actual agent over here

you'll see there is a upload new model

what you can actually do as well is you

can from an app perspective actually

create an app that will allow you to

configure that Json file

so if I go into

I don't think I have a full example

um of that

but you could come in here and actually

configure your hierarchy configure your

your you know properties Etc and then

you could have an option here that says

well

deploy you can do that in here as well
</details>
