docs/resources/faqs/external-content/youtube/2024/how-changing-properties-for-one-block-can-be-applied-to-all-blocks-within-same-style-group.md, before:

# How Changing Properties For One Block Can Be Applied To All Blocks Within Same Style Group
{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q_ZANJRFwyI" %}



- 📌 XMPro App Designer Tutorial: Styling Blocks Efficiently

Welcome to our tutorial on the XMPro App Designer! Today, we'll showcase a powerful feature that allows you to change the properties...
<details>
<summary>Transcript</summary>- 📌 XMPro App Designer Tutorial: Styling Blocks Efficiently

Welcome to our tutorial on the XMPro App Designer! Today, we'll showcase a powerful feature that allows you to change the properties...
in this video we will be demonstrating

how changing properties for one block

can be applied to all blocks within the

same style group to start off with

select the block you would like to edit

in this case we are selecting The

Heading block navigate to block styling

and then decorations for this

demonstration we will be editing the

Border first navigate to border style

and select solid then navigate to The

Border width and enter the width you

would like for all borders in this case

we selected 5 pixels clicking off the

heading block we see that the Border

decorations have been applied to all

headings within the same style group

to demonstrate how to apply these

changes to only one block select delete

to discard changes now select the block

you would like to make changes to

navigate to block styling and then

deselect the checkbox under style group

Now navigate to decorations and apply

the same changes we made when styling

all heading blocks

now select save and launch application

to review results
</details>

Commit message:

Resolved YT Description & Hyperlinks
YouTube scrape script now uses google API to return full description of YouTube Video. Also added to identify URLs and convert them to hyperlinks. Then updated Summary.md with all of the new links to all of then newly scraped files.

docs/resources/faqs/external-content/youtube/2024/how-changing-properties-for-one-block-can-be-applied-to-all-blocks-within-same-style-group.md, after:

# How Changing Properties For One Block Can Be Applied To All Blocks Within Same Style Group
{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q_ZANJRFwyI" %}

- 📌 XMPro App Designer Tutorial: Styling Blocks Efficiently

Welcome to our tutorial on the XMPro App Designer! Today, we'll showcase a powerful feature that allows you to change the properties of one block and apply those changes to all blocks within the same style group.

🔹 What's Covered:

- Selecting a block for editing, using the Heading block as our example.
- Navigating to 'block styling' and adjusting decorations.
- Demonstrating how to edit the border, setting it to a solid style with a width of 5 pixels.
- Observing how changes are automatically applied to all blocks within the same style group.
- Guidance on how to revert changes and apply them to individual blocks, rather than the entire style group.
- By the end of this video, you'll be equipped with the know-how to make your design process faster and more consistent. 

Ensure to hit that 'like' button if you find this helpful, and don't forget to subscribe for more tips and tricks on the XMPro App Designer.


XMPro Community Forum
#XMPro #AppDesign #Tutorial #XMProTutorial #AppDesign #StyleGroups #BlockStyling #DesignEfficiency #XMProDesigner #UserInterface #UIDesign #UIStyling #XMProTips
<details>
<summary>Transcript</summary>in this video we will be demonstrating

how changing properties for one block

can be applied to all blocks within the

same style group to start off with

select the block you would like to edit

in this case we are selecting The

Heading block navigate to block styling

and then decorations for this

demonstration we will be editing the

Border first navigate to border style

and select solid then navigate to The

Border width and enter the width you

would like for all borders in this case

we selected 5 pixels clicking off the

heading block we see that the Border

decorations have been applied to all

headings within the same style group

to demonstrate how to apply these

changes to only one block select delete

to discard changes now select the block

you would like to make changes to

navigate to block styling and then

deselect the checkbox under style group

Now navigate to decorations and apply

the same changes we made when styling

all heading blocks

now select save and launch application

to review results
</details>
