docs/resources/faqs/external-content/youtube/2024/how-to-add-timestamps-to-elements-in-xmpro-app-designer.md, before:

# How to add Timestamps to Elements in XMPro App Designer
{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cPFjp4FeLBo" %}



Welcome to our guide on leveraging timestamps in XMPro to enhance your data analysis! In this tutorial, we'll dive into the importance of timestamps and how they add a crucial dimension to...
<details>
<summary>Transcript</summary>Welcome to our guide on leveraging timestamps in XMPro to enhance your data analysis! In this tutorial, we'll dive into the importance of timestamps and how they add a crucial dimension to...
hello and welcome to this short guide on

setting timestamps in XM Pro timestamps

can be very beneficial giving an extra

Dimension to your understanding of when

the data was last updated they are

especially useful in situations where

the data is not coming in at a high

frequency and you've got blazs of hours

days or even weeks in front of us we

have a water quality management

dashboard and we can see we got three

sites here however as the data is

updating it might appear as a it's not

moving because the updates are fairly

slow for a deeper insight into when this

data was updated we can introduce a

timestamp for the last update so coming

into the top right here we can edit our

element right next to the updated text

element which is hidden at the moment we

will introduce a formula element to get

the day month year hour minute and

second based on the current Tim stamp

for that data as it comes through after

selecting the query element we will add

the query expression so we just added

that in we you can see that it comes

from a data source that's attached to

this component we select current

timestamp and then apply date time as

the query that should be returned and

I'll just set it to visible so that it

shows on the front end we can see when

we run the dashboard again we now get a

time stamp on the top right giving us a

deeper insight into when the data was

last updated this can also tell us if

the data source is not being updated if

it's been standed for an hour and we can

also set up recommendations there to

alert us if you have found this video

helpful please consider subscribing for

more learning content that will help you

growing your xmo skill

set
</details>

Commit message:

Resolved YT Description & Hyperlinks
YouTube scrape script now uses google API to return full description of YouTube Video. Also added to identify URLs and convert them to hyperlinks. Then updated Summary.md with all of the new links to all of then newly scraped files.

docs/resources/faqs/external-content/youtube/2024/how-to-add-timestamps-to-elements-in-xmpro-app-designer.md, after:

# How to add Timestamps to Elements in XMPro App Designer
{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cPFjp4FeLBo" %}

Welcome to our guide on leveraging timestamps in XMPro to enhance your data analysis! In this tutorial, we'll dive into the importance of timestamps and how they add a crucial dimension to understanding your data's currency. Whether you're dealing with water quality management or any other data-driven project, our step-by-step guide will show you how to effectively set and utilize timestamps to keep track of when your data was last updated.

Discover how to:

Understand the significance of timestamps in data analysis.
Navigate the XM Pro dashboard to set up timestamps.
Create and implement a query expression for dynamic timestamp updates.
Gain insights into data update frequencies and learn how to troubleshoot stagnant data sources.
By the end of this video, you'll be equipped with the knowledge to make your data more insightful and your projects more successful. Stay ahead of the curve by ensuring your data is always up-to-date with our expert tips and tricks.

Timestamp your way to success with us and unlock the full potential of your data in XM Pro!
<details>
<summary>Transcript</summary>hello and welcome to this short guide on

setting timestamps in XM Pro timestamps

can be very beneficial giving an extra

Dimension to your understanding of when

the data was last updated they are

especially useful in situations where

the data is not coming in at a high

frequency and you've got blazs of hours

days or even weeks in front of us we

have a water quality management

dashboard and we can see we got three

sites here however as the data is

updating it might appear as a it's not

moving because the updates are fairly

slow for a deeper insight into when this

data was updated we can introduce a

timestamp for the last update so coming

into the top right here we can edit our

element right next to the updated text

element which is hidden at the moment we

will introduce a formula element to get

the day month year hour minute and

second based on the current Tim stamp

for that data as it comes through after

selecting the query element we will add

the query expression so we just added

that in we you can see that it comes

from a data source that's attached to

this component we select current

timestamp and then apply date time as

the query that should be returned and

I'll just set it to visible so that it

shows on the front end we can see when

we run the dashboard again we now get a

time stamp on the top right giving us a

deeper insight into when the data was

last updated this can also tell us if

the data source is not being updated if

it's been standed for an hour and we can

also set up recommendations there to

alert us if you have found this video

helpful please consider subscribing for

more learning content that will help you

growing your xmo skill

set
</details>
