docs/resources/faqs/external-content/youtube/2024/how-to-create-a-widget-within-xmpro-app-designer.md, before:

# How To Create A Widget Within XMPro App Designer
{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytVAsAEnIEQ" %}



🎥 How To Create A Widget Within XMPro App Designer 🎥

Ever wondered how to optimize your XMPro App Designer by creating and reusing widgets? Dive into this tutorial as we guide you step-by-st...
<details>
<summary>Transcript</summary>🎥 How To Create A Widget Within XMPro App Designer 🎥

Ever wondered how to optimize your XMPro App Designer by creating and reusing widgets? Dive into this tutorial as we guide you step-by-st...
so you want to use this particular

layout in a few other places as well you

can see I've selected it and I get a a

box at the top here if I click one of

these I can save widgets and what those

widgets are are items in here that can

have specific Styles um and items

allocated to them so what I'll be able

to do is I'll load a default widget

library in for you um um which has a lot

more examples um in it so this here is

our main demo environment and if I go

down you'll see I have access to a lot

more widgets in here so I'll have these

imported into your site so you can use

them as well and what these are is they

just allow you to very quickly

create um you know look and feel pieces

that you feel you are reusing a lot of

the time to to do that so that's that's

the other way that we we actually handle

that
</details>

Commit message:

Resolved YT Description & Hyperlinks
YouTube scrape script now uses google API to return full description of YouTube Video. Also added to identify URLs and convert them to hyperlinks. Then updated Summary.md with all of the new links to all of then newly scraped files.

docs/resources/faqs/external-content/youtube/2024/how-to-create-a-widget-within-xmpro-app-designer.md, after:

# How To Create A Widget Within XMPro App Designer
{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytVAsAEnIEQ" %}

🎥 How To Create A Widget Within XMPro App Designer 🎥

Ever wondered how to optimize your XMPro App Designer by creating and reusing widgets? Dive into this tutorial as we guide you step-by-step on how to select layouts, save them as widgets, and tap into a vast library of pre-made widgets for enhanced design efficiency. Don't start from scratch each time—maximize your design process and maintain consistency across your projects with these handy techniques.

🔹 Highlights:

Quick walkthrough on how to select & save layouts as widgets.
Sneak peek into our main demo environment, showcasing a plethora of widgets.
Tips on using the default widget library, filled with numerous examples.
Learn the significance of widgets in achieving a consistent look and feel for frequently used designs.
Unlock the true potential of XMPro App Designer today! Don't forget to like, share, and subscribe for more tutorials! 👍"

#XMPro
#AppDesign
#WidgetCreation
#DesignTutorial
#AppDesignerTips
#UIUX
#XMProTutorial
#DigitalDesign
#TechTutorial
#DesignOptimization
#ConsistentDesign
#DesignEfficiency
#UIWidgets
#AppBuilding
#XMProAppDesigner
<details>
<summary>Transcript</summary>so you want to use this particular

layout in a few other places as well you

can see I've selected it and I get a a

box at the top here if I click one of

these I can save widgets and what those

widgets are are items in here that can

have specific Styles um and items

allocated to them so what I'll be able

to do is I'll load a default widget

library in for you um um which has a lot

more examples um in it so this here is

our main demo environment and if I go

down you'll see I have access to a lot

more widgets in here so I'll have these

imported into your site so you can use

them as well and what these are is they

just allow you to very quickly

create um you know look and feel pieces

that you feel you are reusing a lot of

the time to to do that so that's that's

the other way that we we actually handle

that
</details>
