docs/resources/faqs/external-content/youtube/2024/how-to-configure-and-integrity-check-in-data-streams.md, before:

# How to Configure and Integrity Check in Data Streams
{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6O-DanWI-3s" %}



Title: How to Configure and Integrity Check in Data Streams | XMPro Tutorial

Description:
🔍 Master the essentials of XMPro with our comprehensive tutorial! In this video, we provide a step-by-s...
<details>
<summary>Transcript</summary>Title: How to Configure and Integrity Check in Data Streams | XMPro Tutorial

Description:
🔍 Master the essentials of XMPro with our comprehensive tutorial! In this video, we provide a step-by-s...
in this video we will be demonstrating

how to navigate to an agent's

configuration tab as well as perform an

Integrity check to start off with select

the agent you would like to configure

navigate to the top toolbar and select

the configure icon to perform an

Integrity check select the agent you

would like to perform the check on and

then select Integrity check additionally

these steps can be achieved by

right-clicking on the desired

agent
</details>

Commit message:

Resolved YT Description & Hyperlinks
YouTube scrape script now uses google API to return full description of YouTube Video. Also added to identify URLs and convert them to hyperlinks. Then updated Summary.md with all of the new links to all of then newly scraped files.

docs/resources/faqs/external-content/youtube/2024/how-to-configure-and-integrity-check-in-data-streams.md, after:

# How to Configure and Integrity Check in Data Streams
{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6O-DanWI-3s" %}

Title: How to Configure and Integrity Check in Data Streams | XMPro Tutorial

Description:
🔍 Master the essentials of XMPro with our comprehensive tutorial! In this video, we provide a step-by-step guide on how to effectively navigate to an agent's configuration tab and perform an integrity check within your data streams.

🛠️ Key Highlights:

Learn how to select and configure the agent of your choice.
Discover the simple process of performing an integrity check on your selected agent.
Understand alternative methods for achieving these steps, including the use of right-click options.
🕒 Timestamps:
0:00 - Introduction to Agent Configuration
0:14 - Performing an Integrity Check
0:19 - Alternative Methods for Configuration and Integrity Checks

📌 Whether you're new to XMPro or looking to refine your skills, this tutorial is designed to provide clear and concise instructions to enhance your data management capabilities. Don't forget to like, share, and subscribe for more XMPro insights and tutorials!

#XMPro #DataStreams #ConfigurationTutorial #IntegrityCheck #DataManagement
<details>
<summary>Transcript</summary>in this video we will be demonstrating

how to navigate to an agent's

configuration tab as well as perform an

Integrity check to start off with select

the agent you would like to configure

navigate to the top toolbar and select

the configure icon to perform an

Integrity check select the agent you

would like to perform the check on and

then select Integrity check additionally

these steps can be achieved by

right-clicking on the desired

agent
</details>
