docs/resources/faqs/external-content/youtube/2024/how-do-i-use-a-button-to-update-a-data-source-in-xmpro-app-designer.md, before:

# How do I Use A Button To Update a Data Source In XMPro App Designer
{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QeAznjykTX4" %}



Title: How do I Use A Button To Update a Data Source In XMPro App Designer



Description:


Welcome to our tutorial on XMPro App Designer!


In today's guide, we'll walk you through the steps...
<details>
<summary>Transcript</summary>Title: How do I Use A Button To Update a Data Source In XMPro App Designer



Description:


Welcome to our tutorial on XMPro App Designer!


In today's guide, we'll walk you through the steps...
this video demonstrates how to update a

data source using a button in app

designer for this example we will be

using the discussion widget to start off

select the data box of the data entry

section which encloses the button

navigate to block properties and select

the data source for which you would like

to update now select the Box hyper block

navigate to block properties and then to

action and select the data sources you

would like to update now select the

settings icon next to the selected data

sources and select the operations you

would like to perform in this case we

selected insert and refresh ensure to

add the required override values to

apply changes to a specific string of

data within the data source in this case

we are using an alert ID select apply to

save changes navigate to the second data

source and select the operations you

would like to perform when the button is

pressed

in this case we selected both update and

refresh

apply the changes and select save to

save all changes

Now launch the application to observe

results when data is entered in the data

entry section and the button is selected

the selected data sources are updated

and the page is refreshed to include the

new updates made to the selected data

sources
</details>

Commit message:

Resolved YT Description & Hyperlinks
YouTube scrape script now uses google API to return full description of YouTube Video. Also added to identify URLs and convert them to hyperlinks. Then updated Summary.md with all of the new links to all of then newly scraped files.

docs/resources/faqs/external-content/youtube/2024/how-do-i-use-a-button-to-update-a-data-source-in-xmpro-app-designer.md, after:

# How do I Use A Button To Update a Data Source In XMPro App Designer
{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QeAznjykTX4" %}

Title: How do I Use A Button To Update a Data Source In XMPro App Designer



Description:


Welcome to our tutorial on XMPro App Designer!


In today's guide, we'll walk you through the steps to update a data source using a button in the app designer. Here's what you can expect:


Using the discussion widget as our example.
A step-by-step process on selecting the right data box for the data entry section surrounding the button.
Navigating through block properties to select and update your desired data source.
The importance of the Box hyper block and its functionalities.
How to choose the right operations for your data source, including the 'insert' and 'refresh' options.
Tips on applying override values to make changes to specific data strings, using 'alert ID' as an instance.
Launching your application to see the real-time impact of the changes made.
By the end of this video, when you input data in the entry section and press the button, you'll see your selected data sources get updated and the page will refresh with the new information.


Don't forget to like, share, and subscribe for more XMPro tutorials!
<details>
<summary>Transcript</summary>this video demonstrates how to update a

data source using a button in app

designer for this example we will be

using the discussion widget to start off

select the data box of the data entry

section which encloses the button

navigate to block properties and select

the data source for which you would like

to update now select the Box hyper block

navigate to block properties and then to

action and select the data sources you

would like to update now select the

settings icon next to the selected data

sources and select the operations you

would like to perform in this case we

selected insert and refresh ensure to

add the required override values to

apply changes to a specific string of

data within the data source in this case

we are using an alert ID select apply to

save changes navigate to the second data

source and select the operations you

would like to perform when the button is

pressed

in this case we selected both update and

refresh

apply the changes and select save to

save all changes

Now launch the application to observe

results when data is entered in the data

entry section and the button is selected

the selected data sources are updated

and the page is refreshed to include the

new updates made to the selected data

sources
</details>
