docs/resources/faqs/external-content/youtube/2024/the-four-industrial-revolutions-explained-in-under-4-minutes!-#industry4-#smartmanufacturing.md, before:

# The Four Industrial Revolutions Explained In Under 4 Minutes! #industry4 #smartmanufacturing
{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NDTvCO5ifKo" %}



In this video we will discuss and explain the four industrial revolutions leading up to industry 4.0. We will also take a sneak peak at what Industry 5.0 might look like. If you are curious...
<details>
<summary>Transcript</summary>In this video we will discuss and explain the four industrial revolutions leading up to industry 4.0. We will also take a sneak peak at what Industry 5.0 might look like. If you are curious...
industry 4.0 is transforming the way we

work and live and today we're going to

take a trip down memory lane to

understand how we got here

in this video we're going to explore the

four industrial revolutions that led to

Industry 4.0 and will also take a sneak

peek at industry 5.0 buckle up and get

ready to go on a journey through time

okay here we go

the first Industrial Revolution

1760-1840.

let's start with the very beginning of

it all

in the late 18th century the first

Industrial Revolution began in Britain

with the invention of the steam engine

and the mechanization of textiles the

manufacturing industry was transformed

forever work that once took days now

took only hours

this new era of production led to the

creation of new jobs and a boost to

economic growth

the Second Industrial Revolution

1870-1914

fast forward a few decades and the

Second Industrial Revolution had begun

this Revolution was characterized by the

rise of electricity and the invention of

the internal combustion engine these

advancements led to mass production and

the creation of consumer goods on a

large scale

the assembly line invented by Henry Ford

was also a product of this revolution

with it the manufacturing process became

more efficient than ever before

the third Industrial Revolution

1969-2000.

Now we move into the age of computers

and digital technology

the third industrial revolution saw the

automation of manufacturing processes in

the creation of new Industries such as

software and I.T

with computers and machines doing more

work productivity soared but so did the

concerns of job losses like with the

previous revolutions workers had to

adapt and upskill to remain relevant

and now we come to the present day

industry 4.0

this latest stage of the Industrial

Revolution is characterized by the

integration of physical and digital

Technologies the internet of things iot

and artificial intelligence AI are

transforming the manufacturing industry

and Beyond

machines can communicate with each other

and decision making has become

increasingly data driven this opens up a

whole new world of possibilities from

smarter and more efficient manufacturing

processes to self-driving cars and smart

cities

but what comes next

the next stage of the Industrial

Revolution is already being discussed

and it's called industry 5.0

unlike the previous stages which focused

mainly on efficiency and automation

industry 5.0 is expected to focus on the

human aspect of work it aims to create a

more collaborative and creative work

environment by combining the power of

machines with the creativity and

problem-solving skills of humans

this is expected to lead to the creation

of new jobs that require skills such as

creativity critical thinking and social

intelligence

and there you have it the four

industrial revolutions that led us to

Industry 4.0 and a sneak peek at

industry 5.0

by understanding our past and looking to

the future we can appreciate the

significance of Industry 4.0 and prepare

ourselves for the changes that are

coming

as we continue on this journey we must

stay informed and be ready to adapt to

The Changing Times

thanks for watching and don't forget to

hit that subscribe button to stay up to

date with the latest trends and

developments in the world of technology

XM Pro the world's only no code digital

twin composition platform

foreign

[Music]
</details>

Commit message:

Resolved YT Description & Hyperlinks
YouTube scrape script now uses google API to return full description of YouTube Video. Also added to identify URLs and convert them to hyperlinks. Then updated Summary.md with all of the new links to all of then newly scraped files.

docs/resources/faqs/external-content/youtube/2024/the-four-industrial-revolutions-explained-in-under-4-minutes!-#industry4-#smartmanufacturing.md, after:

# The Four Industrial Revolutions Explained In Under 4 Minutes! #industry4 #smartmanufacturing
{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NDTvCO5ifKo" %}

In this video we will discuss and explain the four industrial revolutions leading up to industry 4.0. We will also take a sneak peak at what Industry 5.0 might look like. If you are curious about the technological advancements that have led human society to where we are now, and where we might be going in the future, then this video is for you. 

Key topics:
- The First Industrial Revolution
- The Second Industrial Revolution
- The Third Industrial Revolution
- The Fourth Industrial Revolution ( Industry 4.0 )
- The Fifth Industrial Revolution ( Industry 5.0 )
- The history of the industrial revolution

#industry4 #industry40 #industry #industrialrevolution #firstindustrialrevolution #digitaltwin #industry5.0
<details>
<summary>Transcript</summary>industry 4.0 is transforming the way we

work and live and today we're going to

take a trip down memory lane to

understand how we got here

in this video we're going to explore the

four industrial revolutions that led to

Industry 4.0 and will also take a sneak

peek at industry 5.0 buckle up and get

ready to go on a journey through time

okay here we go

the first Industrial Revolution

1760-1840.

let's start with the very beginning of

it all

in the late 18th century the first

Industrial Revolution began in Britain

with the invention of the steam engine

and the mechanization of textiles the

manufacturing industry was transformed

forever work that once took days now

took only hours

this new era of production led to the

creation of new jobs and a boost to

economic growth

the Second Industrial Revolution

1870-1914

fast forward a few decades and the

Second Industrial Revolution had begun

this Revolution was characterized by the

rise of electricity and the invention of

the internal combustion engine these

advancements led to mass production and

the creation of consumer goods on a

large scale

the assembly line invented by Henry Ford

was also a product of this revolution

with it the manufacturing process became

more efficient than ever before

the third Industrial Revolution

1969-2000.

Now we move into the age of computers

and digital technology

the third industrial revolution saw the

automation of manufacturing processes in

the creation of new Industries such as

software and I.T

with computers and machines doing more

work productivity soared but so did the

concerns of job losses like with the

previous revolutions workers had to

adapt and upskill to remain relevant

and now we come to the present day

industry 4.0

this latest stage of the Industrial

Revolution is characterized by the

integration of physical and digital

Technologies the internet of things iot

and artificial intelligence AI are

transforming the manufacturing industry

and Beyond

machines can communicate with each other

and decision making has become

increasingly data driven this opens up a

whole new world of possibilities from

smarter and more efficient manufacturing

processes to self-driving cars and smart

cities

but what comes next

the next stage of the Industrial

Revolution is already being discussed

and it's called industry 5.0

unlike the previous stages which focused

mainly on efficiency and automation

industry 5.0 is expected to focus on the

human aspect of work it aims to create a

more collaborative and creative work

environment by combining the power of

machines with the creativity and

problem-solving skills of humans

this is expected to lead to the creation

of new jobs that require skills such as

creativity critical thinking and social

intelligence

and there you have it the four

industrial revolutions that led us to

Industry 4.0 and a sneak peek at

industry 5.0

by understanding our past and looking to

the future we can appreciate the

significance of Industry 4.0 and prepare

ourselves for the changes that are

coming

as we continue on this journey we must

stay informed and be ready to adapt to

The Changing Times

thanks for watching and don't forget to

hit that subscribe button to stay up to

date with the latest trends and

developments in the world of technology

XM Pro the world's only no code digital

twin composition platform

foreign

[Music]
</details>
