---
description: 1 October 2024
---

# v4.4.14

## Integrations

{% hint style="info" %}
Although Run Recommendation v3.00 is backward compatible with App Designer, it was not compatible with Stream Host pre v4.4.2. This is rectified by Run Recommendation v3.03.
{% endhint %}

<table><thead><tr><th width="155">Change Type</th><th width="250">Name</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Feature</td><td><a href="https://xmpro.gitbook.io/meta/">Meta Action Agent v1.00</a></td><td>Our new Meta Agent allows you to run scripts on input values and use the results in your data stream.<br>Similar to the <a href="../blocks-toolbox/advanced/metablock.md">Metablock</a>, the scripts can be written in languages other than C# and leverage 3rd party libraries.</td></tr><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td><a href="https://xmpro.gitbook.io/mysql">MySQL Listener v2.00<br>MySQL Context Provider v2.00<br>MySQL Action Agent v2.00</a></td><td>Updated to latest NuGet package.<br>We recommend upgrading your MySQL server to the latest version in response to medium <a href="https://security.netapp.com/advisory/ntap-20231027-0008/">CVE-2023-3817</a> security update.</td></tr><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td><a href="https://xmpro.gitbook.io/run-recommendation/">Run Recommendation v3.03</a></td><td>Added Rule Id to the output payload.</td></tr><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td><a href="https://xmpro.gitbook.io/tsa-azure-data-explorer-connector">TSA Azure Data Explorer Connector v1.10</a></td><td>Implement the new <a href="../how-tos/connectors/building-connectors.md#itsaconnector">ITSAConnector</a> interface and naming aligned to the <a href="../blocks-toolbox/visualizations/time-series-analysis.md">Time Series Analysis</a> block.</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Common

{% hint style="info" %}
Security update: Mitigate high-severity vulnerabilities by upgrading AD, AI, and DS.
{% endhint %}

<table><thead><tr><th width="157">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Security</td><td><p>Various NuGet and NPM packages upgraded for AD, AI and DS:</p><ul><li>Upgraded database access packages (System.Data.SqlClient, Microsoft.Data.SqlClient) to address security vulnerabilities</li><li>Updated Azure.Identity package to latest secure version</li><li>Updated Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.Design to resolve NuGet package vulnerabilities</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td><p>We're improving our multilingual capabilities:</p><ul><li>Your preferred language can be entered at signup, rather than once you've logged in for the first time.</li><li>The signed out pages, where your preferred language is not known, are now available in Brazilian Portuguese, with other languages to follow.</li><li>Subscription Manager is now available in Brazilian Portuguese, with other languages to follow.</li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table>

## App Designer

<table><thead><tr><th width="157">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Fix</td><td><p>Several issues were corrected on the <a href="../blocks-toolbox/advanced/metablock.md">Metablock</a>:</p><ul><li>The default functions (onDataLoaded, onDataChanged, and onValueMappingLoaded) did not execute when added to a script tag on the HTML page.</li><li>The Value Mapping was being called twice.</li><li>The Value Mapping was not optional</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td><em>I created a new Recommendation, but when I opened the Version blade I noticed the title was blank.</em><br>The title of a new Recommendation default to "Initial Version".</td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td><em>I am the owner of a Recommendation, but I cannot view it's timeline - yet my colleague with Run Access can.</em><br>Users with design access are able to view a Recommendation's timeline.</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Stream Host

<table><thead><tr><th width="157">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Fix</td><td><em>I accidentally used the incorrect password on an MQTT agent and published the data stream. The stream did not start due to the connection error on the agent, but I noticed the agent continues attempting to connect to the MQTT broker.</em><br>The Stream Host ensures that if a data stream fails to start or is unpublished, all of that stream's agents (whose <em>Create()</em> methods have already run) are <a href="../how-tos/agents/building-agents.md#destroy">destroyed</a>.</td></tr></tbody></table>

