docs-docfx/docs/resources/icon-library.md, before:

# Icon Library

The following is a list of icons that you can use when you create a new App, Data Stream, Recommendation, or any other XMPro Object. You can download these directly and upload them as part of the steps outlined in the various How-To guides.

> [!NOTE]
> A zip file containing all the icons is available for download. The images shown below are for reference.

## Widgets

These icons are available for use in widgets:

- widget-1.png
- widget-2.png
- widget-3.png
- widget-4.png
- widget-5.png
- widget-6.png
- widget-7.png
- widget-8.png
- widget-9.png
- widget-10.png
- widget-11.png

## Icons

### Analytics

Analytics-related icons:

- analytics-1.png
- analytics-2.png
- analytics-3.png
- analytics-4.png
- analytics-5.png
- analytics-6.png
- analytics-7.png
- analytics-8.png
- analytics-9.png
- analytics-10.png
- analytics-11.png
- analytics-12.png
- analytics-13.png
- analytics-14.png
- analytics-15.png

### Borers

Borer-related icons:

- borer-1.png
- borer-2.png
- borer-3.png
- borer-4.png
- borer-5.png

### Compressors

Compressor-related icons:

- compressor-1.png
- compressor-2.png

### Conveyer

Conveyor-related icons:

- conveyor-1.png
- conveyor-2.png
- conveyor-3.png
- conveyor-4.png

### Crusher

Crusher-related icons:

- crusher-1.png
- crusher-2.png

### Fan

Fan-related icons:

- fan-1.png
- fan-2.png
- fan-3.png

### Gears

Gear-related icons:

- gears-1.png
- gears-2.png
- gears-3.png
- gears-4.png
- gears-5.png

### Maintenance

Maintenance-related icons:

- maintenance-1.png
- maintenance-2.png
- maintenance-3.png
- maintenance-4.png
- maintenance-5.png
- maintenance-6.png
- maintenance-7.png
- maintenance-8.png

### Oil and Gas

Oil and gas-related icons:

- oil-1.png
- oil-2.png
- oil-3.png
- oil-4.png
- oil-5.png
- oil-6.png
- oil-7.png
- oil-8.png
- oil-9.png
- oil-10.png
- oil-11.png
- oil-12.png
- oil-13.png
- oil-14.png
- oil-15.png
- oil-16.png

### Other

Other miscellaneous icons:

- Admin.png
- Alert (Dark Theme).png
- Caution icon.png
- Grids (1).png
- Hydraulic.png
- Mill-Icon.png
- Mind.png
- My Sandbox.png
- Red Lock.png

### Other Equipment

Other equipment-related icons:

- other-1.png
- other-2.png
- other-3.png
- other-4.png
- other-5.png
- other-6.png

### Pumps

Pump-related icons:

- pump1 (1).png
- pump2 (1).png
- pump3.png
- pump4.png
- pump5.png
- pump6 (1).png
- pump7.png
- pump8 (1).png
- pump9 (1).png
- pump10 (1).png
- pump11.png
- pump12.png
- pump13.png
- pump14.png
- pump15 (1).png
- pump16 (1).png
- pump17 (1).png
- pump18 (1).png
- pump19.png
- pump20 (1).png
- pump21.png
- pump22 (1).png
- pump23 (1).png
- pump24 (1).png
- pump25.png
- pump26 (1).png
- pump27 (1).png
- pump28.png
- pump29 (1).png
- pump30.png
- pump31.png
- pump32 (1).png
- pump33.png
- pump34 (1).png
- pump35 (1).png
- pump36 (1).png
- pump37 (1).png
- pump38.png
- pump39 (1).png
- pump40.png
- pump41.png
- pump42 (1).png
- pump43 (1).png
- pump44 (1).png
- pump45.png
- pump46.png
- pump47 (1).png
- pump48 (1).png
- pump49 (1).png
- pump50.png

## Recommendations

### Dark Blue

Dark blue recommendation icons:

- continuous-miner.png
- cooling.png
- gas-station.png
- pressure-gauge.png
- pump (1).png
- rubber-stamp.png
- temperature.png

### Light Blue

Light blue recommendation icons:

- business-management.png
- factory.png
- humidity.png
- power-plant.png
- rock.png
- worker.png

### Orange

Orange recommendation icons:

- account.png
- compressor.png
- expired.png
- factory-breakdown.png
- lock.png
- maintenance.png
- severity.png
- support.png
- temperature (1).png
- warning-shield.png

### Purple

Purple recommendation icons:

- disconnected.png
- gear.png
- information.png
- mine-cart.png
- production-machine.png
- time.png

### Violet

Violet recommendation icons:

- audio-wave.png
- gas-station (1).png
- maintenance (1).png
- pump.png
- screwdriver.png
- work.png

### Red

Red recommendation icons:

- cancel.png
- decline (1).png
- engine-oil (1).png
- error.png
- gears.png
- heating.png
- oil-industry.png
- oil-storage-tank (1).png
- pressure.png
- question-mark.png
- scales (1).png

### Yellow

Yellow recommendation icons:

- cancel (1).png
- decline.png
- engine-oil.png
- error (1).png
- gears (1).png
- heating (1).png
- oil-industry (1).png
- oil-storage-tank.png
- pressure (1).png
- question-mark (1).png
- scales.png
- yellow-notification.png

Commit message:

Update documentation with improved video references and image notes
Replace embedded videos with structured note blocks across documentation pages. Add placeholder notes for missing diagrams and update external links to use proper documentation URLs. Include new recommendation alert images for What's New section.

docs-docfx/docs/resources/icon-library.md, after:

# Icon Library

The following is a list of icons that you can use when you create a new App, Data Stream, Recommendation, or any other XMPro Object. You can download these directly and upload them as part of the steps outlined in the various How-To guides.

> [!NOTE]
> A zip file containing all the icons is available for download. The images listed below are for reference.
>
> **Image Migration Note:** The icons referenced in this document need to be copied from the original GitBook assets directory to the DocFX images directory. Once copied, each icon should be displayed inline using the format `![Icon Name](images/icon-name.png)`.

## Widgets

These icons are available for use in widgets:

- widget-1.png
- widget-2.png
- widget-3.png
- widget-4.png
- widget-5.png
- widget-6.png
- widget-7.png
- widget-8.png
- widget-9.png
- widget-10.png
- widget-11.png

## Icons

### Analytics

Analytics-related icons:

- analytics-1.png
- analytics-2.png
- analytics-3.png
- analytics-4.png
- analytics-5.png
- analytics-6.png
- analytics-7.png
- analytics-8.png
- analytics-9.png
- analytics-10.png
- analytics-11.png
- analytics-12.png
- analytics-13.png
- analytics-14.png
- analytics-15.png

### Borers

Borer-related icons:

- borer-1.png
- borer-2.png
- borer-3.png
- borer-4.png
- borer-5.png

### Compressors

Compressor-related icons:

- compressor-1.png
- compressor-2.png

### Conveyer

Conveyor-related icons:

- conveyor-1.png
- conveyor-2.png
- conveyor-3.png
- conveyor-4.png

### Crusher

Crusher-related icons:

- crusher-1.png
- crusher-2.png

### Fan

Fan-related icons:

- fan-1.png
- fan-2.png
- fan-3.png

### Gears

Gear-related icons:

- gears-1.png
- gears-2.png
- gears-3.png
- gears-4.png
- gears-5.png

### Maintenance

Maintenance-related icons:

- maintenance-1.png
- maintenance-2.png
- maintenance-3.png
- maintenance-4.png
- maintenance-5.png
- maintenance-6.png
- maintenance-7.png
- maintenance-8.png

### Oil and Gas

Oil and gas-related icons:

- oil-1.png
- oil-2.png
- oil-3.png
- oil-4.png
- oil-5.png
- oil-6.png
- oil-7.png
- oil-8.png
- oil-9.png
- oil-10.png
- oil-11.png
- oil-12.png
- oil-13.png
- oil-14.png
- oil-15.png
- oil-16.png

### Other

Other miscellaneous icons:

- Admin.png
- Alert (Dark Theme).png
- Caution icon.png
- Grids (1).png
- Hydraulic.png
- Mill-Icon.png
- Mind.png
- My Sandbox.png
- Red Lock.png

### Other Equipment

Other equipment-related icons:

- other-1.png
- other-2.png
- other-3.png
- other-4.png
- other-5.png
- other-6.png

### Pumps

Pump-related icons:

- pump1 (1).png
- pump2 (1).png
- pump3.png
- pump4.png
- pump5.png
- pump6 (1).png
- pump7.png
- pump8 (1).png
- pump9 (1).png
- pump10 (1).png
- pump11.png
- pump12.png
- pump13.png
- pump14.png
- pump15 (1).png
- pump16 (1).png
- pump17 (1).png
- pump18 (1).png
- pump19.png
- pump20 (1).png
- pump21.png
- pump22 (1).png
- pump23 (1).png
- pump24 (1).png
- pump25.png
- pump26 (1).png
- pump27 (1).png
- pump28.png
- pump29 (1).png
- pump30.png
- pump31.png
- pump32 (1).png
- pump33.png
- pump34 (1).png
- pump35 (1).png
- pump36 (1).png
- pump37 (1).png
- pump38.png
- pump39 (1).png
- pump40.png
- pump41.png
- pump42 (1).png
- pump43 (1).png
- pump44 (1).png
- pump45.png
- pump46.png
- pump47 (1).png
- pump48 (1).png
- pump49 (1).png
- pump50.png

## Recommendations

### Dark Blue

Dark blue recommendation icons:

- continuous-miner.png
- cooling.png
- gas-station.png
- pressure-gauge.png
- pump (1).png
- rubber-stamp.png
- temperature.png

### Light Blue

Light blue recommendation icons:

- business-management.png
- factory.png
- humidity.png
- power-plant.png
- rock.png
- worker.png

### Orange

Orange recommendation icons:

- account.png
- compressor.png
- expired.png
- factory-breakdown.png
- lock.png
- maintenance.png
- severity.png
- support.png
- temperature (1).png
- warning-shield.png

### Purple

Purple recommendation icons:

- disconnected.png
- gear.png
- information.png
- mine-cart.png
- production-machine.png
- time.png

### Violet

Violet recommendation icons:

- audio-wave.png
- gas-station (1).png
- maintenance (1).png
- pump.png
- screwdriver.png
- work.png

### Red

Red recommendation icons:

- cancel.png
- decline (1).png
- engine-oil (1).png
- error.png
- gears.png
- heating.png
- oil-industry.png
- oil-storage-tank (1).png
- pressure.png
- question-mark.png
- scales (1).png

### Yellow

Yellow recommendation icons:

- cancel (1).png
- decline.png
- engine-oil.png
- error (1).png
- gears (1).png
- heating (1).png
- oil-industry (1).png
- oil-storage-tank.png
- pressure (1).png
- question-mark (1).png
- scales.png
- yellow-notification.png

## Example Icon Display

Below is an example of how icons should be displayed once the images are properly migrated:

```markdown
![Widget 1](images/widget-1.png) widget-1.png
![Analytics 1](images/analytics-1.png) analytics-1.png
![Borer 1](images/borer-1.png) borer-1.png
```

This format shows the icon followed by its filename for easy reference.
